The Joe Rogan experience. Most insulting thing I've gotten, this is recent.
I don't even know how to talk about it, but anyways, I should,
because it's just funny, you know, I'm, uh,
I'm at the final at this point in my career of people sending me scripts,
if I want to do it, which is very flattering. I'm like, oh great.
So there's an email. My agent sent me.
He's like either you're going to be really angry at this.
All really happy about it. I was like, oh.
Not a good way to start an email from me agent. And um, they're like,
they want you to play a lead in this bio pic. I was like, oh, what's up?
You know, like I'm ready. Uh, and then they're like, yeah, but, uh,
it's the biopic of William hung. I was like, brother, you kiss.
At the Virginia's shooter. Nah, nah, nah, nah. Oh, that's that?
Guy's the American singer. She bangs.
I met that dude look nothing wrong with the guy.
That was definitely something wrong with him. Well.
Yeah, yeah. But yes, yes, yes. But he's not malicious,
maybe a little Asperger or something. I don't know what it is, but.
I thought it was that, that one dude who was a shooter. Yeah.
Yeah. That's tough too. I read all 115 pages of that script.
I've never been so angry reading a script like I wanted to
vomit. And why were you angry? Well,
you got to understand. I think, um,
William hung set us back like 10 years.
Look nothing wrong with that brother. It's not his fault. Right?
Maybe there's a very nuance.
Way to write this movie of why American idol producers picked him out of the
crowd and featured them just to make fun of him and why the rest of America
laughed at this guy. That might be an interesting story.
Well, it wasn't that the whole thing about American idol it's like you had real
talent,
but then you also had delusional people and the delusional people was part of
the.
It's funny. I love watching that,
but I think it just cuts so deep as an Asian guy.
It's the opposite of Bruce Lee.
William hung is the exact opposite of Bruce Lee and, and.
He's, there's something wrong with him. I mean, as a human being,
like there's something to be said,
like I get that the guy signed a release and I get
that. That's part of the fun with the show,
but there is kind of a difference between people that are mentally challenged
and someone who's just not very talented.
But people are laughing at him. Exactly.
That's what I'm saying. He's mentally challenged,
just something wrong with them. When I say there's nothing.
Wrong with him, I don't mean he's not, you know, autistic, mental challenge,
whatever it may be. I'm saying there's nothing wrong with his intentions.
He's a dreamer. He wants to make it. Right. Right, right.
So there's sure a very nuanced way to write about William home,
um, that could work, but we just shouldn't make that movie.
Have we ran that at Asian people out there that I can do biopics about and a
William Hong script lands on my desk.
Isn't that, that's a part of the problem with reality TV in general. Right?
It's like,
what they're trying to do is there's some reality TV that's based on actual
events that are taking place. But a lot of it is like they're taking,
you have to sign these releases on a lot of these shows that allow them to edit
your words in a very distorted way.
Like you can like you and I can have a conversation.
You could have an answer to one question and they'll put that answer on another
question. That's totally unrelated. Right?
You look like a real piece of and they're a 100% allowed to do that.
And they do that for the storyline. They do that for the narrative.
They don't care about your reputation.
They don't care about what happens when you go back home people like,
how can you say that Jimmy? Like, I didn't,
you didn't have access to the raw tapes. You can't release, you know,
no one's going to believe you,
but that's they victimize people on purpose just so that they can make a good,
what they call a good show. Yeah. But they're doing that with him.
It's different because he's got a problem. It's not like he's a guy. Like,
it's not like if I decided I was going to be a singer and I went on American,
America's got talent. I was terrible. And I was,
I'm sitting in and everybody just, they hit the buzzer to get the outta here.
Like yeah, I can. I'm a normal person. Like if you think I suck,
like I probably suck. But if I have a problem, like a mental problem,
like there's something wrong with me. Yeah. And I do that and you know,
there's something wrong with me and you still put me on television.
That's where we're getting weird. That's where we're getting like,
are you PR you're profiting off? Yes.
You're profiting off of someone. Who's clearly mentally handicapped in some,
some way shape or form. If there's a spectrum of mental disability,
he's on that spectrum. It's not you. It's not Jamie. It's not me. It's like, oh,
it was a regular guy. Yeah. You know, we're all different, but regular, no,
you can talk to them that guy's off, something's off, you know, he's off.
But they like perfect, Ron. It perfect.
Wind them up because people are that they know people will laugh.
And why are people laughing?
You know, I look, it it's tough being, uh,
I guess one of few Asian actors in America, right. Uh,
I'm very fortunate to be in a position. We all kind of know each other.
It's a small circle. I'm very proud of all of us.
But early on in my career, I got some flack, uh, from Silicon valley,
my character, you know, uh, it was, uh, accented character. Um, which, I mean,
for me, it's a little different because I came to this country when I was 13,
I couldn't really speak English. So I was like, okay,
I'm just gonna play an early version of myself.
I understand I'm gonna try to put some humanities character,
but then some articles or whatever. It's like, this is the offensive stereotype,
blah, blah, blah. And that really looked into that. I was like, okay, I get it.
Eventually the character became a more three-dimensional character because the
jokes no longer.
And him just being foreign it's on him being like a diabolical coder person or
whatever.
But it's tough being an Asian actor because now not only do I have to,
uh, uh, uh, decide on playing a part in that by looking at, oh,
is this a good script? I got to look at the cultural ramifications.
Is this good representation? Because there's so few of us,
each of us that does something mean so much more, right? Uh,
that was the beef with the APU character because there wasn't a lot of Indian
and then you characterize whatever. Now that's, what's great about,
uh, crazy rich Asians.
And then I had a lot of fun on that movie because for one of the first times,
I wasn't the only Asian dude on set and I can just play a character.
My character is an in that movie,
but I can just lean into that and be a character actor and play it, man.
It's a powerful, funny movie, great production. It came out excellent.
Everybody enjoyed it and all good. And there's a whole spectrum.
Of Asians.
It's not just one Asian representing all Asians and that you're handsome Asians,
your,
Asians to a romantic lead and also the ex-girlfriend whatever.
So we can just actually be actors for the first time and not be actor slash
Asian representative. So when something like William hung the table. Yeah.
Just can't do it, man. I mean, I get on.
I get it. You know, it's interesting that,
that it's like when someone gets offended at racial stereotypes,
society puts it through this filter of whether or not it's a valid and I'll give
you an example,
the Soprano's the Italian American Anti-Defamation
league or whatever the it is. I don't know. They were,
they were at the Soprano's they're that it was, uh,
it was reinforcing negative stereotypes about Italians and I'm
Italian and everyone, I know that's Italian was like,
what the are you talking about? Those are real people.
I know guys like that, like this is offensive. What's offensive reality. Yeah.
Is the mob real? Are those fat guys real? Do they eat pasta like that?
That's real. Yeah. Like that's not a,
because Italians aren't really discriminated against,
so it's it doesn't hold any water. What also.
You are Italian. There's a ton of Italian actors, comedians out there.
So Sopranos is not the only place.
Where you see it. Right. It's not the only represent.
So that waters it down and it's fine. Yeah. Because.
White people, yeah. You can play, uh, whatever, uh, mentally handicapped guy,
not so smart guy or complete because there's a million other white people.